Hello, everyone.
My name is Saravanan Dhandapani, and welcome to my course on
Securing and Monitoring AWS Workloads.
I'm an architect working in the travel domain focused on middleware and cloud
technologies. As you get ready to take the AWS Certified Security ‑ Specialty
exam, this course focuses on the second domain that is logging on monitoring.
In this course, you will learn what a hardened AMI is and the cost benefits of
baking security into an AMI, understand where to lay bastion host in your
network infrastructure, identify and fixed security issues using AWS Trusted
Advisor, monitor events and collect logs by installing unified CloudWatch
agent, and assess and review security vulnerabilities in your network
infrastructure using Amazon Inspector. By the end of this course,
you will get a thorough understanding of logging and monitoring your
infrastructure from security standpoint. I hope you will join me on this journey
to learn about critical cloud security aspects in my course, Securing and Monitoring AWS Workloads, at Pluralsight.